 creating a "commit" like create a snapshot from entire project!

 git has an intermediate step, that most other version control
 does not have it. "STAGING" or "INDEX"
 it's what we propose to next commit
 so at first we add our modifying files to stage area,
 after reviewing we male a commit and move them to repository directory (.git)
 to store them permanently.

 Note: it allow us to review the changed file,
       so we can restore them from stage area.


example: imagine we have empty directory,
         we add couple of file (file1, file2)
         we use "git add file1 file2" to add them on stage area
         we review these files every thing is ok, so we commit them
         git commit -m "initiate commit"
         then we have them permanently on git repository
         now we have one commit in our repository


usual misconception: after commit, the stage are is not cleared!
                     our file1 & file2 are exist on stage yet!
                     that's why many people find git confusing!
                     what we have on stage area now, is exactly same snapshot that
                     we have in the repository.

summary: staging area is actually similar to staging environment we use
         when releasing software to production, it's either a reflection
         what we currently have in production or the next version that is
         going to go in production.


example: imagine we delete file1 from our project now!
         what we have in staging now? file1 & file2
         so we need to add this file to stage!
         "git add file1"
         (by this "adding" the file1 will remove from stage)
         then by commiting we remove it from repository.
         git commit -m "removing file1"
         (we have two commit message now)


Note: each "commit" has unique id,
      each commit has information who?what?Date,...
      "
          GIT DOES NOT STORE DELTA OR WHAT WAS CHANGED
          IT STORES THE FULL CONTENT ON EACH COMMIT!
      "
      so it can restore project to pre steps quickly
      it's not waist space? no it's so efficient!
      it's compressed






