at first we need set some configuration on Git!
Name/Email/default editor/line ending!


we can specify this configuration settings at three different level,
at top level we have SYSTEM LEVEL, below that we have GLOBAL LEVEL, at the end we have LOCAL LEVEL

"SYSTEM LEVEL": the setting that we have here
                will apply to all users of the current computer
                (some different user can use one computer)

"GLOBAL LEVEL": the settings here
                will apply to all repositories of the current user
                (some different user can use one computer)

"LOCAL LEVEL": the settings here
               will apply to the current repository in the current folder
               so we can have different settings for different projects at this level


1.set name at the global level:
  git config --global user.name Cenna                       //we can see the current: git config --global user.name

2.set email at the global level:
  git config --global user.email sinafadaie7@gmail          //we can see the current: git config --global user.email

3.set default editor:
  git config --global core.editor "idea --wait"             //we can see the current: git config --global core.editor
                                                            //Mosh use visual studio so he use "code" instead "idea"

Note: first we should "Create Command-line Launcher"
      for intellij!
      so git can open it by a command (read shell note)

Note: "wait flag"
      tell the current terminal window to wait
      until we close the editor

Note: all these configurations we set stored on a text file ()
      we can edite this file using our
      default editor (intellij):
      git config --global -e                                //will open config file on intellij
      ("e" stands for edite)

Note: we set intellij as default editor
      because sometimes the git need to open some editor
      like editing config file
      like when he want to write some messages
      he need to know open witch editor.

4.set line ending
  windows use \r\n to represent this is end line (CRLF method)
  MAC & Linux just use \n to represent this is end line (LF method)
  so if some developer use MAC, some of them use Windows
  the file get some changes, without any real change!
  (git recognize these changes, it's plute the history! it's create conflicts)

  we store the  project in LF on repo (on the git hub)
  and set some local config to handle these

  Windows: when we pulling the project we want to convert LF to CRLF
           when we pushing the project we want to convert CRLF to LF
           so we need some process in both action, in this situation we set:
           "git config --global core.autocrlf true"             //autocrlf means handle CRLF automatically!

  MAC & LINUX: when we pulling the project is LF so we don't need do any thing
               when we pushing the project is LF too, but we want to guarantee the code
               has not any \r (like added by some app or accidentally)
               so on pushing we need some checks, in this situation we set:
               git config --global core.autocrlf input

  Note: Why do we have two formats at all?
        This goes back to old conventions.
        CR means move the cursor back to the beginning of the line. (CR means Carriage Return)
        LF means move down to the next line. (LF means Line Feed )
        Some systems decided:
        Just moving to the next line is enough → LF
        You should both return to the beginning of the line and move to the next line → CRLF (we have two condition
        This historical difference has remained with us to this day.                          to ending a line!)

