when we switch to a branch,
git reset our working directory to "last snapshot" of that branch .
so if we make some modification on some file and don't commit them
when we want to switch to another branch, git get some error:
he says these changes will over write (by last commit), and you will miss them!
commit them, ot stash them!

if our changes are not reach to the point that we want to commit them,
we can store these changes on somewhere safe. (that is meaning of stash)
we store them some where in git repository, but not part of the history!
like exactly current file (stashing 4)
we are not commit yet, when we want to switch to other branches (like bugfix branch)
it get some error,
but if we make some commit (like what we do in pre lesson)
we will have some EXTRA MEANINGLESS COMMITS!
to solve this we can stash them!

Note: the current file, is new file
      so it get just warning (not error)
      but if we modify the older file, we will have error!
      at first, I think it because he is untracked file (it does not we add it by intellij)
      but after I add it to stage area, we just have warning again!
      why?
      it's because we have not this file on target branch (stashing 4 not exist on bugfix branch)
      so when git want to reset working directory to that branch, he don't need over write this file!
      and our change will not lost.
      SO WE HAVE ERROR WHEN THE TARGET BRANCH
      HAS THE FILE WITH "SAME NAME" SO HE NEED OVERWRITING!

1.we changed "working with branches 2" (we forget write deleting branches )
  so because we have this file on bugfix branch
  we can not switch anymore!

2.we put these changes on a stash!
  then switch to bugfix branch
  "git stash push -m "working on stashing 4 & working with branches 2"

Note: when we push and create a stash, our working directory will cleaned!
      it means, we have not those changes on current branch!
      we move them some where else! it's on atmosphere!

Note: we can create multiple stash!
      imagine after we create stash, and our working directory is cleaned,
      we modify and make some new changes!
      we can move them to another stash separately!
      "git stash push -m "another stash"

Note: "UNTRACKED FILE" will not add to stash automatically
      (we have not untracked file, because it added by intellij)
      but if we have, we should use "all option" to make it involved

      "git stash push -a -m "working on stashing 4 & working with branches 2"
      or
      "git stash push -am "working on stashing 4 & working with branches 2"     //combine -a & -m
                                                                                //to create --am

Note: we can see all our stashes by
      "git stash list"       stash@{0}: On master: another stash
                             stash@{1}: On master: working on stashing 4 & working with branches 2

3.after stashing, and working directory is cleaned
  we switch to bugfix branch,
  then we return to main branch again!

4.we want to see what we have on stash, before bring it back
  we want to check them!
  "git stash show stash@{0}"
  or
  "git stash show 0"

5.we want to bring back our changes now!
  "git stash apply stash@{0}"
  or
  "git stash apply 0"           //we can write it briefly

Note: if we have just one stash
      we can apply it directly!
      "git stash apply"

Note: stash is not for specific branch!
      we can apply them on another branch,
      we can apply them on bugfix branch!

6 .after we apply stash
  we should delete them, they will not deleted automatically!
  "git stash clear"         //remove all stashes

Note: if we want to delete them one by one:
      "git stash drop 0"

