TOKEN DISADVANTAGE
using HTTPS + token means we act github just like ordinary website!
github generate the TOKEN, store it on his DB
we send him this token, and he login us!
but it is not safe!
we transfer the token each time (although it is secure connection!)
who ever find this token, can login!

SSH (Secure SHell)
we can use "mathematical" concepts to solve token issue!
the concept is we can generate two function (as two key)
that they are one directional!
one function get x as argument and return y.
the other function if we get y it will return x!
f1: x->y
f2: y->x

Note: we have some concepts on mathematics
      that guarantee, if we have one of them (f1 or f2)
      we can not guess the "COUPLE"!
      the algorithm is super safe!
      we can have billions of functions that matches all old data!

Note:       it's one direction!


LOGIN LOGIC
we mark one of them these functions  as private key,
and the other as public key!
we introduce github the public key.

when we want to connect github (pull/push/...)
he generate some random value based on session identifier/authentication request data/algorithm details/...
he give this complex random value to public key,
public key will return a value,
github send us this value as "CHALLENGE_DATA"!
                                                (remember public/private key is one directional,
                                                 although we have public key and the result, we can not find the argument!
                                                 so we don't know what is the value github generated at first place)
we have private key as "COUPLE" of public key!
so we pass the "CHALLENGE_DATA" to our private key,
and he will return the value that github was generated at first place.
we will send back this value to github,
he find out we have correct private key!


Note: the main advantage is we don't send our credential (private key)
      through network!
      just we have it, even github don't know what is it!

Note: it's cristal clear that github should not generate
      private/public key as couple function!
      we have some application for this, we should generate them locally!
      like "ssh-keygen"



LOGIN LOGIC REVISION
the model we describe above is not really correct, it has the idea!
but not correct.
the process is not based on result of some function!
it's based on "SINING", it is create SIGNATURE!

in this model (SSH (authentication based on public/private key))
we have two general function that every one, every application know them:

Sign(sk, message)              -> signature
Verify(pk, message, signature) -> true/false

the github give us CHALLENGE-DATA directly!
(public key is not a function! he does not create challenge data based on random value!)
git hub generate CHALLENGE-DATA randomly based on session identifier/authentication request data/algorithm details/...
(public key don't used here!)

we get the challenge data
and because we have private key, we can use "Sign" function to generate signature.
then any one has public key (like git hub)
can use "Verify" function to validate this signiture.

1.github generate CHALLENGE-DATA easily!              (pk/sk is not used on step1)
2.we use "Sign function" to generate signature        Sign(sk, message)   -> signature
3.git hub use "Verify function" on signature          Verify(pk, message, signature) -> true/false

Summary: just remember we have two functions as
         VERIFY / SIGN function
         that every body know them
         every body can use VERIFY function (every body has public key)
