when we have repository on github,
when we want to connect ti it (pulling/pushing/clone/...)
github should find us, we should login!
we can not just login by ordinary username/password (it's too old!)
we have two main options

1. HTTPS + TOKEN
   we can generate a "KEY" on github
   1.1: open "USER NAVIGATION MENU" (the rightest icon on top of homepage)
   1.2: "SETTINGS"
   1.3: "CREDENTIALS"
   1.4: "PERSONAL ACCESS TOKEN (CLASSIC)"

Note: when we want use this method
      our remote (the origin, the address we want to connect repository on github)
      should be a HTTPS like:
      https://github.com/sinafadaie/java-begginer.git

Note: when we generate token by classic method,
      the token will valid for accessing all repositories!
      if we want to generate a token that just has access some repository.
      we should use "FINE-GRAIN TOKEN"

after using getting token from github, it is not show it again to us!
we can use this token as "PASSWORD" to connect our local repository to github




SAVING TOKEN
use token each time is ridicules!
we have an application on mac that store it for us  (KEYCHAIN ACCESS)
we can set the git config to use this app!               "git config --global credential.helper osxkeychain"

now we have this part on config file                     "git config --global -e"
[credential]
	helper = osxkeychain

Note: we opened the "keychain access" (it was installed on this system)
      then we search "github" on the app,
      we find the token!

Note: when token expired,
      we can remove it from the application,
      when we want to push/pull because there is not any token,
      git will ask us for username/password
      we use new token, and the app will store it automatically.
      (or we can replace the token manually there!)

Note: the similar application for windows is
      "WINDOWS CREDENTIAL STORE"



SAVING TOKEN BY CACHE
if we don't want to use the app (KEYCHAIN ACCESS)
we can save the token on the cache for around 15 minutes.

"git config --global credential.helper cache"

